# Simple Joke Site

## System goals
One of our goals regarding the system is to keep it 7/24 available for users to access. The design of the portal is going to be responsive in order to make it possible to use our system, not decreasing in quality, on different size of devices' screen. One of the basic features of the system is the ability to react to users' activity. One of those are clicking and typing in order to fulfill the desire of the user. Other features are the ability to switch between menu items, search between categories and filter the data the user is looking for. Retrieving the jokes are going to happen with the usage of an API. This API generates the jokes randomly so the website displays randomly generated jokes on the main page.

## Not system goals
* Administration of users
* Enable registration
* Enable log in
* Enable user to post content on the site
* Displaying animations and videos on the site
* Subscribing to newsfeed
* Unavailability

## Project plan
First and foremost the most important part of working in a group is dividing responsibility and different kind of tasks fairly and evenly. We are aware that we have different kind of strength when it comes to different parts of development so we strive for equality: two people of our group will be responsible for the visual design of our webpage and two people will be in charge of creating the backend code. It doesn't mean total separation, tasks will be discussed thoroughly when questions arise.

Our schedule is already started:
* We have already discussed the plans and requirement scpecifications beforehand, we cleared up what the aim of the website is. 
* The next step was to create the function specification where we cleared up the functional details of the website and anything that needed clarification.
* The current step is creating a system design where further functional and systemic details should be clarified.
* And the last milestone is the actual programming and testing of the product

## Business process model
    Opening the website results in the home page which gives the visitor the default jokes from any categories and the navigation bar will offer different kind of option to filter the content. 

    * Home: The Home button will navigate us back to the default home page where jokes will be displayed randomly unless a category is chosen. Also on the home page the Joke of the Day will be placed which stays the same all day. This is the main part of the website, this is where you can choose your favourite jokes and save them or just have a good laugh on a rainy day.
    * Categories: The categories tab will give the opportunity to filter the jokes by chosing one of the possible categories. 
    * The Gallery will contain pictures of memes that could also entertain the visitors of this website, since nowadays memes seem to be just as popular as written jokes.
    * The Your Liked Jokes tab will give you the opportunity to take a look at your liked jokes so you can always visit the website again and get back your saved items.
    * Searchbar: In case you forgot to save a joke or you just look for something particular, there is an option to search for that joke amongst the others by words.

## Requirements
* Functional requirements
* Non-functional requirements
* Legal regulations, standards

## Functional design
* System operators
* System usage and execution
* Presenters
* Menu hierarchies
* Screen design

## Physical environment
* Purchased software components and external systems
* Hardware and network topology
* Physical subsystems
* Development tools
* Frameworks

## Abstract domain model
* Domain specification, concepts
* Abstract components and their relationship

## Architectural design
* Architectural design pattern
* Layers of the application, main components and their relationship
* Change handling
* System expandability
* Security functions

## Database design
* Logical data model
* Stored methods
* Physical data model generated by SQL script

## Implementation design:
* Presistence classes
* Business logic classes
* Client-side classes

## Test design

## Installation design

## Maintenance design